Add TWIR Week 37 (#420)
giantswarm/releases: announcements/2020-Week-35/apps.md

> # :zap: This Week in Provider-Independent Releases (August 28, 2020):zap:

Author: ```suggestion
# :zap: This Week in Provider-Independent Releases (September 4, 2020):zap:
```
